Updated PR checklist for good practices (#824)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: docs/pull_request_template.md

## Overview

This PR is being created to address [this Jira](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHCLOUD-xxxxx).

> (Provide as much context/info in the description as necessary to get the reviewer up to the same domain knowledge level as yourself)

Reviewer: Is this change helpful? I feel like it's more explicit than the original, but quite a bit wordier

Author: changed to "A description of your PR's changes, along with why/context to the PR, goes here."

## PR Checklist

- [ ] Keep PR title short, ideally under 72 characters
- [ ] Descriptive comments provided in complex code blocks
- [ ] Tests: validate optimal/expected output
- [ ] Tests: validate exceptions and failure scenarios

> - [ ] Tests: edge cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Tests: edge cases
```

> - [ ] Documentation change?  Applicable when this PR changes the way other services interact with host inventory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Documentation, if this PR changes the way other services interact with host inventory
```

Author: fixed.

This PR is being created to address [this Jira](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHCLOUD-xxxxx).
(A description of your PR's changes goes here.)

## PR Checklist

> - [ ] Provide comments communicating "why" the code has been written this way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Descriptive comments provided in complex code blocks
```

Reviewer: I suggest this just because the goal is to optimally have code that's understandable by other humans. I think comments become helpful when the code get too complex, and when the author thinks making a note will be useful to other maintainers.

> - [ ] Documentation

Reviewer: Can you clarify here - what kind of documentation do you mean?

> - [ ] Tests: happy path

Reviewer: This is unclear to me. Does this mean, like... "Tests: validate optimal/expected output"?

> - [ ] Tests: failure path/scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Tests: validate exceptions and failure scenarios
```

> - [ ] Tests: edge conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Tests: edge cases
```
